what is going on my super Sam just
Ramsar yeah love with Goku let's hold up
a brand new I'm focused focus come on do
it
Volkers do it for the vine do it for the
vine there is elgato hd60 character card
not reason why I said this videos
because a lot of people always tend to
ask he raised up
what do you record not this thing
anymore um first let me show you this
look how big this all the bulky things
compared to this box like this box is
like smaller than this freaking ancient
piece of junk doctor whatever so I'm
gonna unbox this hd60 today and then I'm
basically give me the basics on how to
use this because a lot of people asked
brand stuff how do you record gameplay
and here is your answer so if you want
to be a youtuber if you want to record
gameplay I recommend you go to elgato
hd60 says brand-new this is the best
excuse in terms of all next year
something you see Xbox one and ps4 which
miss things I can do it going piece of
junk whatever let's go ahead and open
this real fast and see what's inside
what he gets on this box in the from
there we'll discuss on how we can use
this stuff so no don't do that
open oh yeah that's right you get naked
you get naked but open even more a your
skills huh
wait no your skills immortalized I can't
read whatever let's go ahead open this
and see what again sadness and dear it
is tell you this that's what you should
look at tiny and amazing this thing is
compared to this friggin gigantic dragon
monstrous look at this boo-boos
monstrosity look at its monstrosity you
can fit like a bunch of these into this
giant thing and this thing is still what
not or this thing still won't operate as
well as this does go in rapid so this is
what you get inside this little tiny
thing is going to be your goal success
in becoming a youtuber and stuff so this
is what you want to get so what else we
can sell his Bloods good opens up you
got some chords another thing is this
thing just a thousand cord you can see
because it's freaking um whatever but
let's go ahead and take out the rest of
course we get a HDMI cable which you can
stick into the ps4 and obviously into
the Elgato
then this is looks like the power cord
the USB I assume power I me something
else and that's pretty much it
that's pretty much it that's all you
need look at that even this pretty cable
it's so smaller than his damn
monstrosity oh you don't get that it
sucks but yeah let's go ahead and hook
this up so we can basically show you the
ease of use with the eighties ticket so
BRB and tada
there it is that was simple pretty easy
so if you're looking to get a capture
card don't get that one Sun sucks I'm
telling you this is awful
I've got China so it's actually not
close the fastest and just to give you a
scale so here's the how posh that we
used the ancient technology how posh
here's elgato hd60 copper Dinah's and
here is also not care for scale it's the
size of a freaking carrot why would you
want this gigantic nut carrot size HD
PVR record yet this because this is the
best way to do it so if you want to find
out oh I guess I should plug that back
in so you can see what looks like um if
you want to get if you're looking for
something that's great for recording
games but if you want to start on
YouTube this is what she wants to look
up online I will link it in description
below as well so you can just get an
easy access to it yeah it's pretty
simple you plug it in click play and
record it till that's all it is to it so
yeah so if you have any questions feel
free to ask Vegeta or any questions also
actually ask me questions because these
things are in am and obviously they
don't actually talk but just leave a
comment in the comment section below and
I'll try to answer my best ability so
again the hd60 oh god Game Capture is
what you're looking for if you're
looking to start on YouTube this is the
best way to go so yeah scrunch it so
your any questions again drop a comment
section below hit that like button if
this video was helpful in any way and
yeah get some recordings get all the
gameplay sand awesomeness and stuff and
yeah yes guys my name is rhyme style I
hope that video was so fly kai said I
will see you got some concepts book
because I'm sure you have questions so
you guys down there
good bye